# 09/10/2021
I feel on fire today, turned on, energised. I want to pursue [[§Deep Novelty]], I’m buzzing! 

I thoroughly enjoy this sensation, it adds zest to my life. But I’m also reminded of a lesson from [[Soul (Disney)]]: If you spend your entire life in flow, you miss out on savouring the flavours of life ([[Chasing flow to the exclusion of all else leads to a shallow life]]).

*Probably*
- Pump iron with Simon
- [[§Regret Minimisation]]
* [[Does increasing emotional granularity lead to good outcomes]]
* Try new recipes for slow cooker 
- Look up algorithms to live by for relationships
* Check again - didn’t Andy have an adage about curiosity that I missed?
* Read a summary of “The Shallows” and relate to [[§Shallow novelty]].

*Misc.*
- Update iPad to iOS 15 for better reading experience 
* Forward mailbrew from santaroxxx 
* Can I setup mailbrew to include FB news?
* Add Gwern newsletter to mailbrew

*Maybe*
* Life is about deep novelty search and achieving goals. 
	* It is often near impossible to determine which to do, so don't waste too much time prioritising like that.
		* I.e. avoid too much overhead to increase throughout ([[Theory of Constraints]]) and to nourish [[§Curiosity]]
		* When is it not? E.g. if you have a goal you truly desire that is going to fail
			* [[§My execution system for recreation]], [[§My execution system]]
	* In essence, this is a problem of [[§Prioritisation]]. Much has been said about these, but Andy has a good thread on them.
		* One is [[How good is regret minimisation as a heuristic]].
* Can I get activity kernels or Refinder sent to mailbrew?
* How do I make Refinder a smoother experience?
* Forgetting is required for quicker thinking
	* Is forgetting required for clear motivational structures?
* What will I regret not doing more of? What will I regret not doing less of?
* The primer
* Inc. Think. personal 
* Regret minimisation requires almost impossible counterfactuals
	* But so does any [[Model based learning]]!
* TFT
* Ted Lasso
* Candy
---
* Might regret-minimisation lead to higher negativity bias? 
	* I.e. you’re looking for ways things can fail, rather than ways things can succeed.
	* It is a nega
* Regret-minimisation is a meta-heuristic
	* It queries intuition, which is then rationalised
		* I.e. why might I regret this
	* This can (and often intuitively does!) prompt reflecting on how to mitigate this regret, for example by modifying the available options.
	* This also makes it more actionable; it’s easy to do in the moment, but can be elaborated upon if relevant
* Regret-minimisation promotes big-picture thinking
* Do I regret gaming as much as I did in my teens?

<!-- {BearID:A6FD47D8-2E4F-4C28-BC91-66FC6433452E-48865-000008DF42233B24} -->
