# 22/11/2021 - Work
*How am I feeling today?*
A little flat when I showed up to work, but getting much better already! I have a ton of fun with this group, extremely happy with it.

Might confound my feeling of enjoying ML a bit tbh, so keep that in mind. However, I've been reading up on it in my free time, indicating [[§Intrinsic motivation]] as well. That's a really good sign.

With Pernille, I'm a bit in doubt of whether we fit together well. It's primarily my gut feeling. When I'm with her, it's not infrequently that I'm a bit bored. That goes for most people I spend this kind of time with, though, and she's one of the people I have the most interesting conversations with!

---

- Tjekke kommentarer til LPR2-LPR3 manus
	- Tilføje indlæggelsesfigurer

- Prep til BI, [[23/11/2021 - Work]]

- Bettina - hvor mange af vores patienter har registreringer af:
	- Blodprøver
		- Antal I vores kohorte, grupperet på NPU-kode
		- Høre fra Søren - må vi bruge for AP?
	- Medicin-kategorier - har vi allerede
	- Andre registreringer
		- SFI'er - antal i vores kohorte, rangordnet med flest øverst
		- Procedurekoder - antal i vores kohorte, rangordnet med flest øverst
	- Billeddiag
		- Antal I vores kohorte, grupperet efter type, rangordnet med flest øverst
	- Diagnoser
Mindst en gang (efter deres første kontakt til psykiatrien)?

*After lunch*
- Check email

- Sende email til Bettina

- LPR2-LPR3

- Læse videre på Clairvoyance
	* Læse deres tutorial – kan vi bruge det til baseline-modeller?

* Nourish seedlings

* [[?How do I handle TAP-like cards with multiple options]]

<!-- {BearID:F4B99D23-8C94-4089-8A8E-C607780DF373-61430-00000583D7D1917D} -->
