# 29/11/2021 - Work
*How am I feeling?*
A little busy, actually. Have relatively large life-event things happening at once; getting to know Pernille as well as looking into buying an apartment. This decreases my focus at work markedly, but that is to be expected. 

With Pernille, I'm a bit nervous about two things: Is she more interested in relatively "mundane" activities than I am (e.g. talking about small conflicts at work etc.) and, secondly, how is she below the surface. At least sexually, it appears that there have been some pretty poor experiences with her ex, and that she's somewhat shuttered off. 

With that said, it is still very much a slow burn, and I like her a lot. I enjoy spending time with her, we have interesting conversations, and I want to be there for her. No matter where it goes, I highly doubt that I'll regret spending more time with her. 

For apartment hunting, I'm pretty stoked. Yes it's somewhat risky, but it looks to be a good investment. Given the amount of time and energy I've invested in getting to this point, I don't want to negotiate too hard – OTOH, even a little negotiation can save me hundreds of hours of work. I'll let Line be in charge of this, she's the expert.

For the next steps, I need to plan it out. Basically what'll happen is Jurist -> Købsaftale med finansierings- og advokatforbehold -> Indhente finansiering -> Køb -> Renovere i det tempo, jeg har lyst til. Kan relativt nemt nå funktionalitet ved 1) At fuge hullerne på badeværelset og 2) Installere bordben på bordpladen i køkkenet.

På arbejdsfronten ikke de store udfordringer. Primært fokus på at få LPR2-LPR3 ud af døren, øge produktivitet gennem gode feedback-loops og lære nye ting.

*Agenda*
- RCR case

- Presentation for BI

- BI-meeting
	- Other agenda-points that I need to do something about?

* LPR2-LPR3
	* Noget jeg skal gøre her?

<!-- {BearID:96AF4764-E97F-4BDA-9AC6-576221DC2531-95783-0000046A6CCCAE14} -->
