# 05/10/2021
I feel pretty good today! The evening with Pernille was awesome, and is giving me a sense of safety, as well as a strong sense of hope for a better future.

This spills over into my work; [[Attention is limited]], and freeing up some of the near-obsessive attention I've been giving to my budding relationship with her means it's freed up for better work.

For today, my intentions are relatively simple.

* Explore how to use a daily working log for planning
	* Conceptualisation
		- What is the point as compared to [[Daily planning in Airtable]]?
			* [[Daily planning in Airtable vs a Daily Working Log]]
		- [[The daily platform is a continuous foundation]]
			* How do I avoid that becoming a distraction?
			* E.g. when coordinating something with others for the day?
			* [[The daily plan is a path, not restraints]]
		- How well does this fit with the criteria from [[§My execution system for work]]?
			* Pretty well, nothing much to add
	* Implementation
		* Create bear note: 
			* Create a note formatted with 05/10/2021
			* Add today's calendar events: [RoutineHub • Snapshot Journal](https://routinehub.co/shortcut/1741/)
		- Can I set up an Alfred integration for opening it quickly?
		* How do I add this to my iPhone – can I setup a Bear shortcut that creates the note if it doesn't exist, and opens it if it does?
- How can I implement [Andy's thoughts on cultivating interest](https://notes.andymatuschak.org/z3ruCqbkUjU7U8MD5gaMjzmJV4GuENJ3ie1LP)?
- Which daily routine best fits my current research projects?
	* Think for yourself first
	* Inspiration: [Andy's daily routine](https://notes.andymatuschak.org/My_daily_routine?stackedNotes=z28QkpK3vRKQTacjFDfGYBhCXHqHuVWJzny9&stackedNotes=z7siWbcGHbJ9ZsBcerhdUFgQNq7zMtnh1j72z)
	* For now, re-establish [[§My researcher work routine]].
- Gødstrup-arkitektur
	* Jeg tror det er fordelagtigt at starte processen med nedenstående allerede; hvis vi gør det bevidst tidligt, så er vi hurtigere færdige, og vi undgår at ende i en "godt-nok" situation, fordi der allerede er brugt energi på en suboptimal løsning. 
	* Hvem står for det?
	* Hvad er det ideelle setup for os i Gødstrup?
		* Versionskontrol lokalt
		* En harddisk eller SQL server som vi kan skrive til lokalt
		* Mulighed for at SSH'e ind i serveren (nok usandsynligt, ingen 2-faktor autentificering)
			* Kan vi få 2FA?
	* De her ting vil øge produktiviteten råt fordi vi undgår fejl og der er mindre friktion. Men, måske endnu vigtigere, vil det gøre det nemmere at fastholde og skabe arbejdstrivsel for de enormt talentfulde mennesker der er brug for, for at kunne lave de her projekter til høj international standard. 
- Collate Logseq notes on [[LPR2->LPR3]] so that you can communicate your ideas to Andreas/Søren
- Nourish seedlings

*Afternoon*
* Pump iron
* Personal incremental thinking
* Setup creating daily notes a week ahead
	* And update them with today's calendar events one day ahead
	* Add "Nourish seedlings" daily?
* Read a bit, e.g. How Emotions Work
* Game with Simon/Mads?
* 'Get Playful' Andy Matuschak 

*Evening*
* Last Week Tonight

## Potentially
* Research a 4k monitor for greater writing
* Look up what Andy has to say on distraction
* What is my greater/transcendental narrative for the phd?
	* We have the best data available, and it reflects the greatest potential in the Danish system
	* If we use the best methods and don't succeed, we show that machine learning probably isn't where it needs to be to be helpful yet
	* [[Methods paper on reporting machine-learning in ML]]
* [[Meta-research communication with Pernille]]
* How do I acquire informational feedback for my work?
	* Review process?

## Backlinks
* [[Daily planning in a daily working log]]
	* [[05/10/2021]]

<!-- {BearID:772C59C2-8AF1-45FA-A87B-F52C6FEA7EC0-43384-000000A0326EA058} -->
