# 21/10/2021 - Work
*How am I feeling?*
A little distracted from the mechanical keyboard. Not terribly important, though.

It appears it takes more force than expected, and that might make me more fatigued in my hands over the day. OTOH, that might be healthy.

This is also what will contribute to the keyboard having fewer missed strokes; you're more likely to have glances, rather than presses.

It just feels like home, in some sense, even though you have to type harder to get what you want. I'm still figuring out how to type hard without bottoming out.

Pernille was very  nice yesterday! It seems to her that this matters a lot, so I need to take good care of her. Part of that is figuring out [[§My Vision of My Partner]], and specifically, how Pernille fits into that. I'd regret not knowing that, and then letting her get hurt. 

I'm a little disappointed in Ebbe, but so it goes. I think he's genuine about wanting to see us, so I'm likely to give that a chance.

Other than that, I'm feeling pretty good! Time to get started on some regular work, and time to see how well this mechanical keyboard treats me today.

*Things to do*
* LPR2->LPR3
	- Udbygge diskussionen# 21 October 2021
	* Figur 3
		- Det ser ud til der er flere diagnoser pr. patient
		- Gælder det, hvis vi laver et hierarki? (F0, F2 etc., F1 last)
			- Hvis hvert ambulant forløb kun kan have en diagnosekode (overskriver hierarkisk)
			- Og, hvis der er flere kontakter i et forløb, vi kun bruger den sidste indenfor tidsrammen 
		- Gentage figur 1 efter dette
		- Får vi "lappet" dette?
		* Joine de figurer det giver mening at sammenligne
		- Tilfæj ctrl+a og e til genveje
	- Recode a connected series of visits by its most severe diagnosis	
		- Kan jeg gøre det for LPR2? 
			- I.e. kan jeg få et "forløbsansvar" for LPR2-diagnoserne?
				- Ja., findes i dw_sk_kontakt!
	* 
* CVD
	* Danne mig overblik - hvad mangler jeg her?

* Do more Kaggle work
- Nourish seedlings
* Read Matuschak/Nielsen on "vision"
	* [A strong vision enables great creative work](https://notes.andymatuschak.org/z2mMMszAvgRMgzoFtKHEhnCka5zwrXZbKrma)


* 16:00: Remember hairdresser appointment

<!-- {BearID:E443C7E1-37F2-47E1-B1EF-91F2EFA40FBD-74496-000002560FFB81B8} -->
