# 22/10/2021 - Work
*How am I feeling today?*
Pretty good. A bit of a slow start with some frustration due to software issues in MacOS. Time to learn from that and to not use beta software on production machines.

The most important stuff in my life is the same as yesterday, primarily partner-related ([[§My High-Level Vision for My Life]], [[§My Vision for a Partnership]]). This also feeds into work-related choices, like how hard I want to push data-science. It's probably time to get some guidance relatively soon, so that I can tailor my experiences and my learning to where I want to go.

 Also some tribe stuff with Lasse, want to take care of him.

For work, it's about moving forward rapidly, while also increasing my competency. Competency is definitely the name of the game this early in the process; it's going to pay back its dividends.

Re: that; I'm very happy with writing out my thoughts in the morning and afternoon. It's a brain-dump, and a huge way of increasing my autonomy in the choices I make. Totally worth it, and very low friction. It appears that very low friction is going to be the name of the game for most improvements in productivity, or it needs to be supported by some other commitment device/pleasantness.

*What to do*
- Inc. Think. Work
- Tilføje nye resultater tentativt til diskussionen
	- Hvad tænker jeg de viser
	- Designe figurer ud fra det
- Hvordan kan jeg vente mindre på code-runs?
	- [[How might I debug easily with just a subset of the data in R?]]
- LPR2->LPR3 kode
	- Adapt keep_only_last_in_forloebsansvar to recode, rather than filter
		- Run for individual_unique_diagnoses also
	- Fix overlapping df names in subchapter and individual_unique_diagnoses (e.g. df_outpatient and df_inpatient)
	- Separate flows into each type (e.g. inpatient, outpatient, outpatient_final_visit_only)
	- Generere faceted og overlappende figurer
		- Facets for hierarki-inspektion
		- Overlappende for de forskellige "mitigation" strategier
	* Generere tabeller til figurerne
		* Tegn en outline
			* Tabel 1
			* Tabel 2
			* Tabel 3
		* Generer tabeller
			* Tabel 1
			* Tabel 2
			* Tabel 3
- Planlægge Sandbjerg - brainstorme med Erik og Lasse
	- Rå plan med plads til fleksibilitet
	- Sende det rundt og bede om feedback
- Lineær algebra 
	- Lægge strategi med Lasse (taskheat)
* Read Nielsen on Principles of Effective Research: https://www.bumc.bu.edu/preventive-med/files/2020/06/Principls-of-effective-reserache-nielsen-0404.pdf
	* [[§Vision]]
- Nourish seedlings
* Flytte ting tilbage til det gamle kontor, så der er klar til Nadiya
* Kaggle tutorials
* 17:30 - IKEA with parents

<!-- {BearID:993178A3-BAE3-4CB1-B8C3-79B97FEC4FD9-3579-00000068B131D2F2} -->
