# 220820
I expect parenthood to be hard, so it needs to be meaningful to me, to have reasons for choosing it that are better than the alternatives.

Right now, I really don't feel like becoming a parent. But when I imagine the future, a future with children appears as desirable (albeit more heavy and complicated) than having just a dog.

While I like building things and taking care of others, I dislike obligation dramatically. Children come with tons of obligations that I can't get out of, at least for 18 years. Furthermore, I can help others and be caring in tons of other ways than having children; patients, volunteering, being an uncle (for friends children?).

I believe that many decide to be parents out of fear; fear of loneliness, fear of regret minimized by doing what everyone else does.

I'm sure some parents find parenthood extremely valuable, but that's because they find raising a children an important endeavour for its own sake. I don't.

But I fear that finding someone who feels the same as me will be tremendously hard, and that breaking up with Mieke will bring tons of pain. Or that I'll change my mind in the future.

However, when I imagine holding a baby, or caring for a child, I don't feel bad – I feel love. But that doesn't mean I want to be a parent! I want to love others, to take care of them, but not to be obligated to do so; and I don't feel a strong desire for those good moments to be "mine", or my children.

But just because a decision is irreversible doesn't mean that it's bad. And taking a small child and helping shape it, giving it the ability to grow into a strong, capable adult would be incredibly rewarding.

## Backlinks
* [[Log: Do I want parenthood]]
	* [[220820]]
[[240820]]
[[260820]]
[[280820]]
[[290820]]
[[040920]]
[[210321]]
[[03/04/2021]]
[[07/09/2021]]

<!-- #Life -->

<!-- {BearID:05951A6A-34F9-4E34-9408-EA1A3A098057-15756-000013032A859850} -->
